Change AssetScanner behaviour (#263)
cognitedata/gearbox.js: src/components/AssetScanner/stories/full.md

#### Description:

> Uses for recognising assets name strings from captured image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component can be used for recognizing the name of an asset in a captured image (from a webcam).
```

#### Usage requirements:

> By default, component uses Google Vision API (to recognize text on picture). User has to provide valid API key for Google Vision via **ocrKey** prop to use embedded OCR functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the component uses Google Vision API (to recognize text on the picture). User has to provide a valid API key for Google Vision via **ocrKey** prop to use embedded OCR functional.
```

> Please, follow this guide to generate an api-key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please, follow this guide to generate an API-key:
```

**Google Vision API**

> > Before you can use the Cloud Vision API, you must enable it for your project and generate your API key, see here how – [Enable the Vision API](https://cloud.google.com/vision/docs/before-you-begin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before you can use the Cloud Vision API, you must enable it in your project and generate your API key, see here how – [Enable the Vision API](https://cloud.google.com/vision/docs/before-you-begin).
```

Author: "for" means that you have to enable Google Vision option in your Google Cloud account exactly FOR your project.

Reviewer: got it

> > Don't forget for setting up API key restrictions – [Using API Keys](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/api-keys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Don't forget to set API key restrictions – [Using API Keys](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/api-keys).
```

> You might provide your custom `extractOcrStrings` function to retrieve string array from OCR recognition response structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might provide your custom `extractOcrStrings` function to retrieve an array of strings from OCR recognition response structure.
```

You also can use your own implementation of OCR call if you use your own OCR service.

> Just provide `ocrRequest` function to get recognised from image strings with your own realisation of OCR request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just provide `ocrRequest` function to retrieve strings recognized from an image with your own implementation of OCR request.
```

##### Optionals:

| Property                 | Description                                                                                                                                      | Type                                           | Default            |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `button`                 | Render prop function, that should returns button node. Capture function and image base64 string are passed as arguments                          | `ButtonRenderProp`                             |                    |
| `customNotification`     | Callback function to react on provided type of notification                                                                                      | `(type: ASNotifyTypes) => any`                 |                    |

> | `extractOcrStrings`      | Function, that get result of recognise function and format it as array of recognised strings (Can be used if you use embedded Google Vision API) | `(ocrResult: any) => string`                   |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `extractOcrStrings`      | Function that gets a result from the recognize function and formats the result as an array of recognized strings (Can be used if you use embedded Google Vision API) | `(ocrResult: any) => string`                   |                    |
```

> | `ocrKey`                 | Api key property which is needed if you use embedded Google Vision API                                                                           | `string`                                       |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ocrKey`                 | API key property which is needed if you use embedded Google Vision API                                                                           | `string`                                       |                    |
```

> | `ocrRequest`             | Function that provide custom OCR call to detect strings on image                                                                                 | `(ocrParams: OcrRequest) => Promise<string[]>` |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ocrRequest`             | Function that provides custom OCR call to detect strings on image                                                                                 | `(ocrParams: OcrRequest) => Promise<string[]>` |                    |
```

> | `onStartLoading`         | Callback which triggers right after tacking shot from camera                                                                                     | `() => void`                                   |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onStartLoading`         | Callback triggered right after taking a shot from camera                                                                                     | `() => void`                                   |                    |
```

> | `onImageRecognizeStart`  | Callback which triggers when image recognition process start                                                                                     | `(image: string) => void`                      |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onImageRecognizeStart`  | Callback triggered when image recognition process starts                                                                                     | `(image: string) => void`                      |                    |
```

> | `onImageRecognizeFinish` | Callback which triggers when image recognition process finish and right before fetching assets by recognised strings                             | `(strings: string[] \| null) => void`          |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onImageRecognizeFinish` | Callback triggered when image recognition process is finished and right before fetching assets by recognized strings                             | `(strings: string[] \| null) => void`          |                    |
```

> | `onAssetFetchResult`     | Callback which triggers when sdk asset search finished                                                                                           | `(assets: Asset[]) => void`                    |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onAssetFetchResult`     | Callback triggered when SDK asset search has been finished                                                                                           | `(assets: Asset[]) => void`                    |                    |
```

> | `onEndLoading`           | Callback which triggers after finish of all recognition process                                                                                  | `() => void`                                   |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onEndLoading`           | Callback triggered after finishing the recognition process                                                                                  | `() => void`                                   |                    |
```

> | `onImageReset`           | Callback which triggers after resetting captured image                                                                                           | `() => void`                                   |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onImageReset`           | Callback triggered after resetting captured image                                                                                           | `() => void`                                   |                    |
```

> | `onOcrError`             | Callback which triggers when issues appears related to OCR service/request                                                                       | `(error: any) => void`                         |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onOcrError`             | Callback triggered when occurs an error related to OCR service/request                                                                       | `(error: any) => void`                         |                    |
```

> | `onError`                | Callback which triggers when some error occurs                                                                                                   | `(error: any) => void`                         |                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onError`                | Callback triggered when an error occurs                                                                                                   | `(error: any) => void`                         |                    |
```
